[docs] Add documentation on `npx testflight` (#40724)
expo/expo: docs/pages/build-reference/npx-testflight.mdx

- An [Expo](https://expo.dev/signup) account

## Run `npx testflight` command

Run the following command inside your project's root directory:

<Terminal cmd={['$ npx testflight']} />

The command workflow is interactive and walks you through the following prompts:

- **Run EAS commands automatically.** Uses the latest EAS CLI version and runs it without running it globally.
- **Initialize or detect a linked EAS project.** If you are running this command in a new project, the CLI will create a new EAS project using the slug from your app config file. If the CLI detects that the project is created on EAS already, it will continue to use the same slug.
- **Confirm the bundle identifier.** If you are running this command in a new project, you can enter a new identifier, or for subsequent command runs, accept the one the CLI detects. The wizard also asks whether your app uses standard or exempt encryption. When this command is run subsequently, the [`buildNumber`](/tutorial/eas/manage-app-versions/#understanding-developer-facing-and-user-facing-app-versions) automatically increments.

> - **Sign in to Apple Developer.** Provide your Apple ID, complete two-factor authentication, and allow the CLI to reuse existing distribution certificates or provisioning profiles when available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Sign in to Apple Developer.** Provide your Apple ID, complete two-factor authentication, and allow the CLI to create new or reuse existing distribution certificates or provisioning profiles.
```
